* Batumi main firmware: Changelog

List of changes with respect to the previous version:
- a short press on the button can now exit Zoom mode
- LEDs will flash if the value of a parameter does not correspond to
  the position of its slider when going out of Zoom mode.
- in Divide mode, the fine setting will add or subtract 0-3 to the
  division set outside of Zoom mode. It can be used to access
  divisions not accessible previously.
- when in Sync, phase will be aligned to the external tap.

- in Quad mode, Pots 2, 3, and 4 control the respective channel's
  amplitude. CV inputs are added to this level.

- in Quad, Phase and Divide modes, Reset input 2 now holds (pauses)
  all the LFOs, Reset input 3 reverses the direction of the wave,
  Reset input 4 selects next waveform. Waveform selection is reset
  when switching modes.

* Batumi alternate firmware documentation

** Random wave bank

There are now two banks of assignable waveforms: the original one
(saw, ramp, triangle and trapezoid) and a new bank of more
unpredictable waveforms. To switch bank, press on the button for two
seconds, until the short LED animation.

The lower jumper, or the lower switch if you have the Poti expander,
selects the kind of unpredictivity of the waveforms. The first kind is
classic random voltage sampling: it follows a uniform distribution,
successive values are picked uniformly on the whole scale, and they
are uncorrelated to the previous ones. The second kind is the
approximation of a simple chaotic system known as Verhulst's logistic
map. Listening to it carefully, you will hear patterns emerge:
sometimes it will fall into a repetitive sequence for a while, then
break out of it, vary around a random center, then jump
unexpectedly...

The upper jumper or switch turns interpolation on or off: with
interpolation off, the voltages will be stepped like a sample and
hold; with interpolation on, transition between values will be
smoothed.

Resetting a channel will immediately produce a new random value,
therefore possibly producing a discontinuity in the otherwise smooth
waveform.

In Free and Quad mode, the random values of the four channels will be
completely unrelated. But in Phase mode, only one stream of random
value will be produced; the other 3 channels will follow the same
stream, only delayed by the set phase shift. Similarly, in Divide
mode, the random values of the slave channels (2-4) will be sampled
from the master channel (1).

** New Quad mode

The Quad mode changes its function completely. The old Quadrature mode
can be accessed in Phase mode by setting the 3 right sliders to their
highest position. The phase will then "snap" to quadrature mode.

In the new Quad mode, the channels are summed in various proportions
to obtain original waveforms. The first channel's slider (and CV
input) sets the master frequency; the three remaining ones are locked
to divisions of this frequency (by default, /2, /3 and /4). Each
output is the mix of its own channel's waveform, plus all the channels
on its right. For instance, the third Sine output is the sum of the
sinusoids of Channels 3 and 4; the first Saw output is the sum of the
saws of all channels. Sliders 2, 3 and 4 (and their CV input) set the
amplitudes of their respective channel. Square outputs a 1-bit version
of the Sine output: if Sine is positive, it will be +5V, if Sine is
negative, it will be -5V.

Note that the division can be changed with the advanced Zoom interface
(see below).

The Sine outputs can be used in your patches to break the
monotony of modulating with sines. Square output odd rhythms when
it triggers an envelope; they will change dramatically when the levels
are changed, but will always repeat every 24 steps (depending on the
divisions).

You can also use triangle, saw and ramps from the assignable outputs,
but there is one exception in this mode: trapezoid has been replaced
by a square. Contrarily to the Square output, which will always be
binary, thes squares are summed together, therefore producing
repetitive sampled voltages. This square waveform is perfect to
generate surprising sequences: feed the first assignable output to the
FM input of your oscillator and change the levels.

A final tip: try to abuse the first Sine output as a VCO, putting an
offset in the first CV input.

** Advanced zoom interface

The Zoom mode changes drastically: instead of a fine control, it now
allows to set four different parameters for each channel, including
the fine control. Zoom mode acts only on the last channel modified; to
select another channel, move its slider a little bit. When
long-pressing on the button, the LED corresponding to the focused
channel will blink.

Each slider now sets a different parameter:
- Slider 1 fine-tunes the value of the main parameter
  (frequency, level, phase or division).
- Slider 2 sets the output levels of the Sine and Saw outputs
- Slider 3 sets the CV attenuation
- Slider 4 sets the phase

There are two exceptions to this assignment, to avoid redundancy:
- In Quad mode, the level is already set by the main parameter, so
  Slider 2 sets the division value (from 1 to 8).
- In Phase mode, the phase is already set by the main parameter, so
  Slider 4 allows to divide the frequency (from 1 to 8).
